Fix for https://github.com/commjoen/wrongsecrets/issues/48 (#50)
commjoen/wrongsecrets: src/main/resources/explanations/challenge11.adoc

Assume the role `cant-read-secrets` and try some IAM privilege escalation. Don't cheat using your own roles :)

> Here is where tools like https://github.com/nccgroup/ScoutSuite[ScoutSuite] can really help detecting issues with your IAM which might provide possible paths towards privilege escalation. These privilege escalation paths can often help to create and/or assume other more powerful roles which might actually allow you to read the secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is where tools like https://github.com/nccgroup/ScoutSuite[ScoutSuite] can really help detecting issues with your IAM setup. IAM might provide paths towards privilege escalation. These paths can often be used to create and/or assume other more powerful roles which might actually allow you to (among other things) read the secret.
```
